tentative changelog (#212)
math-comp/analysis: CHANGELOG_UNRELEASED.md

  + `\big[max/x]_P F = F [arg max_P F]`
  + similar lemma for `bigmin`
- lemmas for `within`
- add `setICl` (intersection of set with its complement)
- `prodnormedzmodule.v`
  + `ProdNormedZmodule` transfered from MathComp
  + `nonneg` type for non-negative numbers
- `bigmaxr`/`bigminr` library
- Lemmas `interiorI`, `setCU` (complement of union is intersection of complements),
  `setICl`, `nonsubset`, `setC0`, `setCK`, `setCT`, `preimage_setI/U`, lemmas about `image`

### Changed

- in `Rstruct.v`, `bigmaxr` is now defined using `bigop`
- `inE` now supports `in_setE` and `in_fsetE`
- fix the definition of `le_ereal`, `lt_ereal`
- various generalizations to better use the hierarchy of `ssrnum` (`numDomainType`,
  `numFieldType`, `realDomainType`, etc. when possible) in `topology.v`,
  `normedtype.v`, `derive.v`, etc.

### Renamed

- big refactoring about naming conventions
  + complete the theory of `cvg_`, `is_cvg_` and `lim_` in normedtype.v
    with consistent naming schemes
  + fixed differential of `inv` which was defined on `1 / x` instead of `x^-1`
  + two versions of lemmas on inverse exist
    * one in realType (`Rinv_` lemmas), for which we have differential

>     * one in numClosedFieldType (no differential so far, just continuity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * a general one `numFieldType`  (`inv_` lemmas in normedtype.v, no differential so far, just continuity)
```
